Fix incorrect top-k results for: `stats json_values(...) sort by (...) limit N` (#1312)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): fix target log rendering in the `Log context` modal. See [#1199](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1199).
* BUGFIX: [HTTP querying APIs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#http-api): return `502 Bad Gateway` from [`/select/logsql/stats_query`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-stats) and [`/select/logsql/stats_query_range`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-range-stats) when one of `vlstorage` nodes is unavailable in cluster mode. Previously these endpoints could incorrectly return `422 Unprocessable Entity`, which could break retry and failover handling in high-availability setups. See [#1419](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1419).
* BUGFIX: [LogsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/): allow `unpack_json` to parse JSON objects starting with spaces. See [#1416](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/pull/1416).

> * BUGFIX: [LogsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/): properly keep the top N logs for [`json_values` stats function](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#json_values-stats) when using `sort by (...) limit N`. Previously, some logs that should have been included in the top N results could be incorrectly dropped from the result. See [#1311](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1311).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [LogsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/): properly select the top `N` log entries in the [`json_values`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#json_values-stats) stats function with `sort by (...) limit N` when more than `N` logs match per group. Previously an arbitrary subset of the matching logs could be returned instead of the top `N` ones. The returned entries were correctly sorted, but they could be the wrong entries. See [#1311](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1311).
```
